Different Waveforms in Continuous time: A signal is a set of data or information. A signal is of two types continuous and discrete. continous vary according to time where as discrete vary in integer numbers. We have plotted 10 different functions on MATLAB in continuous and discrete form for better understanding of signals of different kinds. We have also learnt few common functions for more detailing of graphs.
Operations on Signal: We have taken a signal on which we have done various operations like time scaling shifting, division, multiplication and compression. In the above experiment I have learnt how a signal behaves when the following operations are performed on it. And hence plotted the following signals.
Different curves have different properties. The curves can be differetiated on the bases of even odd functions, periodic aperiodic functions, or came be deteminstic or random in nature. A signal can also be determined as energy and power signals. Power signal is a Periodic and exists for infinite time with constant amplitude'. Energy of a power signal is infinite. Energy signal is a non-periodic, finite and amplitude becomes zero as time tends to infinity. Power of a Energy signal is zero. The above program of matlab shows examples of 8 such signals in Discrete and continuous form. title('Discrete aperiodic wave')
Fourier Series: A Fourier series is an expansion of a periodic function in terms of an infinite sum of sines and cosines. Above we have performed fourier series functions on matlab to obtain results and desired output was obtained.
